Subtitles by Jeong@Netflix
You'll stay with me
even if I quit baseball,
right?
Of course. I said I'd support you.
Just don't hurt yourself.
I love you.
INCINERATOR
PRISON PLAYBOOK
RESTRICTED
I visit often, so don't worry.
Plus, Jailbird had adjusted already.
He's the best at doing indoor labor.
INDOOR LABOR: MAKING THINGS
SUCH AS ENVELOPES, BOXES, ETC
SEGREGATION CELL 4
SEGREGATION CELL 3
Officer! Please give me
200 more shopping bags!
See you later.
What did you say, you bastard?
Say that again.
Seriously.
I said to say it again.
I said my tax money pays your salaries.
It's because I commit crimes
and come in here,
that you people have jobs.
You should be grateful.
Have you gone nuts?
I've gone nuts, you son of a bitch.
What was that?
You bastard. Watch it!
You bastard! You think
the guards are fools, don't you?
-You son of a...
-Stop it already.
Let go. Let go of me! Let go!
-I said to stop.
-Didn't you hear that bastard?
-Let go.
-Stop it.
-You son of a bitch.
-Okay, okay.
I don't want it.
It's not his first time.
You know that's how he is.
Just let him bark away. Ignore him.
Why do you let him get to you?
You're the one who suffers.
I'm saying this for you.
He says crap like,
"Son of a bitch," "Psycho bastard,"
and "Serve me right," to my face.
Should I go, "Yes, sir, I'm sorry, sir"?
Is that what you do?
Yes, that's what I do.
I let them curse.
It's not worth it.
Why do you get emotional
with jerks like him?
Just ignore them.
Is it that easy? You can do that?
Yes. I can!
Everyone go inside! Go inside.
TRANSPORTATION CARD
-Right.
-Here's your cut.
Thank you.
It's all chump change
without the druggies.
So, who's the next target?
Captain Yoo.
He's staying invisible
because of his retrial.
Turns out Je-hyeok Kim is surrounded
by bastards who can't do shit.
Are you sure he even cares?
Let's just drag him out
and put a knife to his throat.
No.
We can just cut off a finger.
We'll cut off one a day
and ask for a billion won.
That won't work on him.
He goes insane in an instant.
My method is better.
Trust me.
I should've attacked his friends
to start with instead of wasting my time.
But Boss,
I don't see one of your punks.
He's in the hospital.
He messed with my money,
so I sliced his Achilles tendon,
and now, he can't walk.
I can't trust anyone. Not anyone.
Sang-jae.
I can't trust anyone anymore.
Right?
This came to my house yesterday,
saying he'll kill me if I testify,
and to watch out for cars.
The moment you testify, you die.
Sang-yun got the same letter.
I'm fine, but he's terrified.
It must be Sergeant Oh.
No. They're not amateurs.
He's being investigated
for committing perjury right now.
These things would hurt them more.
Who could it be?
Who's doing this?
Is something wrong?
Jeong-hun and Sang-yun,
who agreed to testify for me,
received death threat letters.
What? Who was it?
It was Sergeant Oh, wasn't it?
They checked with his people,
and they say it wasn't them.
Of course, they deny it.
Why would they admit it?
Those dirty rotten rats.
What grade are you in now?
I'll be a senior next year.
I do really well in school.
I received a scholarship too.
Is that right?
You must get it from your mom...
No. Your mom was terrible in school too.
-So, what are you studying?
-Business administration.
I want to work for a securities firm.
I have two certifications already,
as a financial analyst
and an investment manager.
That's so cool. Nice. You did great.
My daughter is awesome.
Is there anything you want to do?
Me?
Well, I'm so ignorant.
I'm not good with my hands either.
I don't know if I can do anything right.
I heard people collect several
certifications while they're here.
That's true. I have some too.
But not that many. Maybe like 50?
What?
Data processing, furniture construction,
plastic craftsmanship,
automobile repair...
Wow.
Machine repair,
boiler construction and repair.
What else is there?
Industrial engineering in horticulture,
industrial engineering in architecture,
forklift operation, heat management,
high-pressure gas management,
mushroom seed production,
casting and mold making,
washing machine repair.
How many certifications do you have?
You got 700 on the TOEIC test?
Yeah. I speak a little English.
You'll make tons of money
once you get out.
You can pick one of these jobs.
But I don't know how to do any of these.
I have all these certifications,
but I didn't actually do any of them.
They're all pieces of paper.
You had a lot of business ideas.
You can do that. What are your ideas?
You should lend him some money
to start his business.
No. Why should I?
I'll invest. Invest.
I'll invest in your business.
I'll listen to your business idea
and invest 100% in it.
They aren't grand enough
to call it a "business idea."
Do you want to hear it anyway?
So, rather than packed foods,
you bring food on a truck
and cook right there.
I hear there are hundreds of people there
when they film dramas and stuff.
They can't all eat packed foods
all the time, right?
So, you bring food on that truck,
and give them soup, rice,
and side dishes and stuff.
A food truck?
What a good name. "Food truck."
"Food truck" sounds good.
You've got a good sense for these things.
Min-chul, that came out
over ten years ago.
Really?
Spicy rice cakes.
It'll be a spicy rice cake business
that the entire nation loves,
but we'll use my expertise.
How?
I'll throw it into the name.
Your name...
"Min-chul Kim's Spicy Rice Cakes"?
No. My previous job.
We'll put my origin into the name.
-"Gangster."
-Wow.
This punk... He must be a genius.
He's... He's getting it all.
No way.
"Gangster Spicy Rice Cakes."
What do you think about that?
It's a perfect match with my image.
And I want to open it in Hongdae,
where all the young people hang out.
There's one in Hongdae already.
That's a lie.
Gangster Spicy Rice Cakes
opened in Hongdae a while ago.
I went several times
with my girlfriend too.
Oh no, untouchable.
It's "unbelievable."
Is it?
You said you got 700 on the TOEIC.
Oops.
Okay, this is really my last one.
I really didn't want to tell you this one.
You know I love movies, right?
You guys know I love...
Let me tell you, at least. Hear me out.
Okay.
Every time I watched a movie,
I thought about how nice it would be
if the bullet that Yun-fat Chow shot
would come at me.
When Yun-fat Chow is fighting and stuff,
wouldn't it be so cool
if he were fighting in front of me?
How realistic would that be?
I used to think that.
Please.
You put glasses on them.
Magic glasses. They will be magic glasses.
If you wear these, every person,
animal, rat, horse, cow...
everything jumps out at you.
What do you think?
Isn't that an incredible idea?
But...
the technology.
I don't know if the technology will work.
If I can get the technology to work,
it would be a goldmine, right?
That came out...
a while ago.
Nowadays, they also provide
wind, water, and scents too.
Wind and water too?
Yes.
You bastard. Don't lie to me.
How dare you mess with me, you punk?
I'm not...
They have them at 4D theaters.
You bastard. You son of a bitch.
That's crazy talk.
What? Four what? Don't give me that crap.
-Seriously...
-What? Why? Why?
-There's no theater like that!
-I'll lose my hair!
When an adult is talking,
you just say, "Yes, sir," with respect!
Get over here.
Mealtime!
98.
99.
100. Je-hyeok, stop now.
I need to pee and I'm hungry.
-Okay.
-Good.
101.
102.
103.
104.
105.
-Captain Yoo.
-106.
107.
108.
What did Officer Song want?
Is something up?
They're inspecting cells tonight.
What?
Why are you so shocked?
Do you have something on you?
No, it's a habit.
It's relaxing, now that we don't have
Munrae or Looney.
We have nothing to get caught with.
-You cleaned the inside, right?
-I did.
Whose bag is that?
It's mine.
It's my bag.
What bastard did this? Huh?
Boss.
Was it those bastards?
Which bastards?
Chief Yeom?
-That bastard wants to die.
-Min-chul.
Don't do anything. Please.
Don't do anything.
You'll get out soon by special pardon.
You too.
Don't lose your temper, and stay still.
And I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I think Chief Yeom is the one
threatening your witnesses.
I'm very sorry.
I'm very sorry...
to all of you.
That son of a bitch.
I'll take care of it.
I'll handle it.
Handle what?
Don't do it.
We're fine, so don't do anything.
I can get out next year or the year after.
I don't care.
Je-hyeok, we're fine,
so you need to keep it together. Okay?
You're almost there.
You're almost there, Je-hyeok.
You have less than two months left.
Hold it in, okay?
It's dirty and maddening,
but let's hold it in.
Jeong-hun and Sang-yun
are staying with my brother for a while,
so don't worry.
My brother can handle that much.
So you... You think about only yourself.
You can't have anything else
happen in here again.
You're almost there.
There's a leader above Chief Yeom.
He was a gangster, so he's on
another level from Chief Yeom.
I'm sure he's controlling Chief Yeom.
Officer! Give me 100 more
chicken boxes please!
-Gifts from Je-hyeok.
-Awesome.
You really are a pro.
Chief Yeom will be so disappointed
if he saw you like this.
That's right. He got the wrong person.
But you know, I hear that gangster jerk
above Chief Yeom is much scarier.
Everyone who worked for him
who tried to screw him over
ended up in the hospital.
And you know, I'm going to start
studying for the TOEIC.
You know I'm smart.
It's only because I didn't study. If I do,
I bet I can get a perfect score in a year.
I don't know if Je-hyeok will hire me,
but I'll work hard
and take the agent exam.
Next year, KBO is forming an agent...
association...
I'll tell him next time.
That inmate has a real potty mouth.
He's disrespectful and curses like
no other. "Bastard, asshole, shithead."
"Who cares if you're a guard?
A guard is nothing."
"How dare you talk down to me,
you young prick?"
"How old are you, kid? What's your name?
What level are you?"
He is such a... I want to kill that...
Where are you going? I'm talking.
You can't just leave.
I haven't even begun.
Don't follow me. I'm going to Je-hyeok.
I'll go too.
Hi, honey.
Honorable teacher for a day?
Gosh.
Like the kids would like that.
Do you know how disappointed Su-bin is,
that her daddy won't do it?
The dads of the boy who sits next to her
and Gyeong-a from downstairs went,
so she keeps asking
why her daddy won't go.
What does that boy's dad do?
He has a cosmetic surgery hospital
in Gangnam.
Wow. Gosh.
Gyeong-a's dad is a musician, right?
He's a violinist.
Exactly. That's why I won't go.
Why not? What's wrong
with a corrections officer?
What would I say to them?
Should I say I clean up after
thieves and murderers?
What should I say?
Plus, kids don't know
what a corrections officer is,
even if I explain.
I'm sorry, but please make up an excuse
to Su-bin for me.
Tell her Daddy's too busy that day.
Sorry. Bye.
Everyone, in your cells!
What happened?
Where did you get hurt?
I fell while I was working.
-I'm fine.
-Spill it.
Tell us. Now. It's okay.
They said not to help you with baseball.
Those crazy bastards.
I refused,
and Chief Yeom and their head
stepped on my hands.
Did you just take it? Did you?
You just took it?
You should've socked it to them.
Je-hyeok told me not to hit people.
Gosh. What the...
You said not to
hit people ever again.
Gosh.
Boss.
This will heal in a week.
I'm a beast.
If you'd wait a week,
we can practice again in the yard.
I'll heal right away.
Check your account tomorrow.
I hear you're just a minion too.
If I pay 300 million won,
what do you get, 100 million?
You have to pay your master, right?
Tell me if you need it.
I'll give you more for your share.
No.
I'm going to keep it all.
I'll rat out that bastard for assault,
and keep all of this myself.
I'm not the type to work under someone.
Then take the money and get lost.
Sure. But sorry.
There's accrued interest.
A little interest accrued.
Very little.
Pay that back
with your body.
CRPT's on patrol. You need to go now.
Sure.
Deposit the money tomorrow.
Also,
Come to the incinerator at midnight.
Come alone.
Got it?
Come out. Let's go to sleep.
ADMINISTRATION OFFICE
Here's your personal account summary.
Thank you.
It's the insurance payment
for a car accident from last year.
This is why you get insurance.
Come on.
I received it in the envelope too.
We can't look at people's
personal accounts anymore.
I see.
Let's go.
COMMISSARY ACCOUNT LEDGER
DEPOSIT: 300 MILLION WON
Hey, call the errand boy.
A broadcast shared with 50,000 inmates.
I am Min-joo Lee, your host
of the Borami Broadcast.
There's a saying
that the person who tied the knot
should untie it.
It means,
if you did something, you must
be accountable and fix it yourself.
If there is something remaining
that you must do this year, or even today,
why don't you take action right away,
and not delay or hesitate any longer?
Everyone, you all did well today.
Have a good night.
Je-hyeok Kim.
Here.
Just in case you say something stupid,
since you are so close to the guards,
I thought I'd let you know something.
There's a restaurant that my boss' boys
go to frequently lately.
The restaurant name is unique. "S.K.O."
Just saying.
See you later.
You'll stay with me
even if I quit baseball,
right?
INCINERATOR
Why?
Do you want to hit me?
You must be pissed off
because I mentioned your sister.
But you can't hit me.
You're making your comeback soon.
If you beat me up, your sentence
will be extended, and you can't get out.
Got that?
You can't get out of here.
Forget returning to baseball.
You'll be finished, you bastard.
I don't need to get out.
I won't play baseball.
I decided not to play baseball
because of you,
you piece of trash.
Because of fuckers like you...
I plan
to end my life right here.
Hey.
Hey. Stop.
Wait...
Please stop. Stop it.
Please, stop!
Je-hyeok.
This is all I can do for you.
Thank you...
for what you did.
Thank you for saving my life.
It kept bothering me...
that I didn't thank you back then.
I can finally say it now.
I'm sorry for saying it...
so late.
ESTABLISH LAW AND ORDER
-My gosh.
-Gosh.
Hey. Are you awake now?
He needs to wake up,
so that we can throw him in the hole.
Je-hyeok Kim hit me.
What?
That bastard Je-hyeok Kim hit me,
you punk.
Oh, my. Listen to how he speaks
to the officers.
And the old man Lifer
gave his statement that he beat you up.
Je-hyeok Kim was there too.
Je-hyeok Kim hit me too.
Where did he come from?
He came from Daegu, right?
Hey, Sang-jae Yeom.
We have a lot of cameras here.
Our warden is obsessed with CCTVs.
It was all caught on camera.
It caught Lifer
beating the crap out of you.
Also, you threatened Je-hyeok Kim
to give you 300 million won?
-What?
-You poor thing.
That was recorded as well.
Recorded?
Who recorded it?
I did.
I recorded it.
AUDIO FILE 001
If I pay 300 million won,
what do you get, 100 million?
You... asshole.
Keep listening.
I'm going to keep it all.
I'll rat out that bastard for assault,
and keep all of this myself.
-You bastard.
-I'm not
the type to work under someone.
Then take the money and get lost.
Lieutenant Paeng, I have a favor to ask.
Please play this recording
to this bastard's master,
boss, or whatever you call it.
The cell phone is mine,
so after you play it for him,
you can put it in
the inmates' personal effects room.
I swear, these punks think
I'm their servant.
Thank you.
Sure.
Take care of yourself, okay?
Asshole.
You want your cell phone?
Yeah, mine.
I'll use it briefly.
For what?
To record something.
Don't ask anything,
and don't do anything please.
I'll take care of it.
-I'll do it.
-No. I'll do it.
-Je-hyeok.
-If you get involved too, I...
I may really kill that bastard.
Let me take care of this.
Here.
Thanks.
I hear the gangster punk behind Chief Yeom
is much more evil.
Should I work on him a little?
No, don't do anything.
I'll do it myself.
Hey.
Joon-ho.
I'll do it.
There's something you can help me with.
You know someone in admin, right?
Check your account tomorrow.
I hear you're just a minion too.
If I pay 300 million won,
what do you get, 100 million?
You have to pay your master, right?
COMMISSARY ACCOUNT LEDGER
SANG-JAE YEOM,
BALANCE: 103,000 won
Thank you.
Give him this one.
Okay.
Sang-jae is a real psycho.
How could he ask Je-hyeok Kim
for 300 million won?
We won't pay him.
This is fake, right?
I typed it up on Word.
Play dumb, okay?
That's a piece of cake.
See you later.
That lazy punk.
He's so quick with things like this.
Wow. I thought Je-hyeok Kim
was the unluckiest man alive,
but I guess I was wrong.
I know. Thank goodness
Lifer was working overnight last night,
or the baseball player Je-hyeok Kim
would've been done for.
Gosh. My heart is still racing
at the thought.
Even if Lifer gets a year extension,
he's still in here for life.
Even with a ten-year extension,
he's here for life.
Wow. What better luck is there?
I hope Je-hyeok Kim's luck
just keeps on shooting up.
He has two... less than two months left.
He's almost there! Almost there!
Je-hyeok Kim, let's head to the mound!
Let's go!
-Why you...
-Shit.
CHRISTMAS D-3
MIN-CHUL KIM'S RELEASE D-1
It's so cold. It's the warmest in here.
Why is he sleeping here?
Did he come in early?
He came in super early.
Jailbird was released this morning.
He came really early to see Jailbird off.
Are you that happy to get out?
Poor thing. You can't even see
your hero Je-hyeok before you go.
I saw him yesterday.
How?
He came to the hole.
Does he think the prison
is his stomping ground?
-You get out tomorrow, right?
-Yes.
You're smart, so you can always
fall into bad things.
You only do petty crimes now,
but there's a high risk
of it becoming more serious.
How could you say that to someone
who's getting out tomorrow?
What will you do outside?
I don't know. No one will hire me
since I'm an ex-con.
I'll work some part-time jobs
here and there.
Should I call this number?
Who is it? Who is this person?
Me.
It's my cell phone number.
Don't do anything stupid out there.
Study for the TOEIC until I get out.
I'll hire you.
-Bro...
-It's okay.
Don't do that.
Lieutenant Paeng.
Min-chul gets out tomorrow, right?
Je-hyeok Kim gets out
in about ten days too.
Then it'll just be Crony in that cell.
The cell's all split up.
Captain Yoo is there. Jung-woo Yoo.
That's right. The petition for retrial.
That's taking so long.
It looks like it won't happen this year.
What if everyone else leaves,
and our dear Captain Yoo
is left all alone?
What else? You can go in there with him.
Shit. Get away.
You'll rub your teeth away.
How many times was that?
It was 25 times, boss.
Time is crawling so slowly.
It's driving me mad.
Should I just break out?
Then just pack your things.
I did.
I finished packing ten days ago.
4502 Min-chul Kang
You should start packing too.
I've packed already.
Oh.
Don't worry about me.
I'm fine. I'll get out soon too.
That's right. You'll get out soon too.
That asshole Sergeant Oh will go to jail,
and you'll get out soon.
Hang in there.
I guess these punks really won't decide
within the year.
How do we find out
the result, anyway?
Do you have to go to the court?
No. They mail the decision.
One to my office,
and one to Jung-woo,
since he's the petitioner.
Don't you have any other clothes?
Are you going to wear that all winter?
What's wrong with it?
It's nice and warm.
Min-chul.
Let's go home.
SE-YUN PAENG
Once I get out,
I'll call you right away.
Okay. The day you return
to the baseball stadium,
I'll hold a block party.
I'll say, "He's the best player
in the entire world."
"That player deserves much more applause
and many more blessings."
I'll invite everyone in the town
and bless you and cheer you on.
I'll take out a loan if necessary,
but I'll throw a huge party, sir.
Why are you suddenly calling me "sir"?
I'm a nobody,
but I was so lucky to meet you,
and spend all this time with you
like brothers.
Thanks.
I'm just thankful, that's why.
Thanks
for treating me like a big brother.
Thank you for everything.
Jung-woo.
Don't let go.
Don't let go of hope.
You'll get your retrial for sure.
For the past few months,
I begged God.
I said I don't want anything else anymore,
and that instead of blessing me,
I asked Him to clear your name.
To please let your petition for retrial
be granted.
I begged God every single day.
You're almost there.
You're almost there, Jung-woo.
Hang in there.
Be careful when you get out.
It's scary out there.
It's funny to me too, now that I said it.
-Lieutenant Paeng.
-Yeah?
Why are you hugging a man? It's gross.
Because I like you.
I like you more than anyone
in the entire world.
I like my daughter.
Me too. To be honest,
I like my daughter the most.
You have a daughter? You had a daughter?
Why didn't you tell me?
I'll tell you everything next time
when I come to visit.
Sure. Come hang out,
instead of a visitation.
Let's hang out and have a drink.
Jean Valjean is waiting outside.
That college girl came too.
Is she not done with her thesis yet?
No.
She says it'll take her another 50 years.
What? Is she stupid?
Thank you for everything.
I'll live a good life.
Live a good life. I'll be cheering you on.
No! Why should I go?
You're a good talker.
Please sweet-talk that inmate. Please?
I knew his temper
would get him in trouble someday.
That jerk said something bad first.
Even if he did!
How could he hit an inmate?
Is he a thug or what?
He can just ignore it.
Please. Hurry.
He's in the infirmary, saying he'll report
Lieutenant Paeng
for human rights violations. With his
temper, Lieutenant Paeng won't apologize.
He will be disciplined
if he gets another demerit.
Please go and talk him out of it, please!
I don't want to!
Shit!
All you have to do is say, "Sorry,"
that's all.
I don't want to!
I'm pissed that I didn't hit him more.
I won't apologize.
What? You'll hit him more
and just get fired?
Why did you beat a person up?
Go and apologize.
No. You stay out of it.
Who cares about pride right now?
Apologize for now and later take care
of it according to the rules.
Aren't you used to inmates
swearing at you?
Please, just ignore the garbage
that inmates say,
and just let it go! Please!
You know what that bastard said?
He said once he gets out,
he'll abduct my wife and daughter, and...
-You bastard.
-Hey, Lieutenant Lee!
You asshole. How dare you
run your mouth like that?
You shithead.
How dare you say something like that?
You asshole!
We were too nice to you,
you fucking asshole.
-Hey.
-Lieutenant Lee, what's wrong with you?
-Keep yapping! You asshole!
-Stop!
-Lieutenant. Come on.
-Keep yapping!
Lieutenant Lee!
COFFEE WITH CREAM
300 WON
Gosh.
What's wrong? What are you doing?
Wash your ears.
Wash out the foul things you heard.
Seriously.
I didn't let him finish, anyway.
I beat him up right away.
All done.
I'm going home now.
Hey, Lieutenant Lee. Wait a second.
Have a nice day.
I have another one.
I almost have it.
SEOBU PENITENTIARY
JE-HYEOK KIM'S RELEASE D-7
Do you read the papers?
Today's fortune.
What's your zodiac? The dragon?
Yes, the dragon.
Where is the dragon?
Here it is.
WING 2B HELPER
Did something come for Jung-woo Yoo?
Here it is.
Seoul Western District Court.
SEOUL WESTERN DISTRICT COURT
What is it?
It's bad, isn't it?
Tell me. I don't believe it anyway.
Sure. This is all a scam.
It says I shouldn't take trips
or go shopping today.
So, what does it say?
"Hardships were added
to an already strenuous life.
Even if what you hoped for fails,
do not be too discouraged."
Do you want to look?
I'll look. Give it to me.
It'll say, "Decision," on top.
It will be the same there.
If the retrial was granted, it'll say,
"The petition has been granted."
If we didn't get it,
the front part looks the same,
but it'll say "denied,"
instead of "granted."
DECISION
PETITIONER: JUNG-WOO YOO
Petitioner's Petition
for Retrial has been...
Why? What?
Petitioner's Petition for Retrial
has been granted.
Why? What?
"Petitioner's...
Petition for Retrial...
has been granted."
I told you. See?
-Don't cry. Stop.
-Yes!
Congratulations!
-Good job.
-Thanks, buddy.
Thank you so, so much, Min-gu.
You did more.
PRIVATE JUN-YEONG PARK'S MOTHER
This is just the beginning.
I'm sorry for suddenly showing up
like this.
It's okay. How have you been?
I'm... well. I'm okay.
Well...
This is the payout...
for Jun-yeong's wrongful death.
I couldn't get myself to spend any of it.
I think it was meant to be used for this.
ETERNITY BANKBOOK
Please use it for the retrial.
I heard the retrial
can take up to two years.
I'm sure it'll be costly.
I want to be of help.
No, ma'am. I...
have people helping.
After a while,
it becomes uncomfortable
receiving help from others.
You know that.
Please use this. I'm sure Jun-yeong...
will like that.
Also,
this...
This is my gift to you.
Please buy yourself a thick jacket.
It's very cold.
It'll be a long battle.
You need to dress warmly.
The next time I see you,
I'm going to check
whether or not you bought a jacket.
I'll check the price too,
so please,
use all of this.
Don't leave a single dollar.
Buy a nice, expensive jacket.
That will make me...
feel a little better.
Thank you.
SEOBU PENITENTIARY
JE-HYEOK KIM'S RELEASE D-1
Thanks. My little brother is the best.
Seriously, Warden.
You're milking it so thoroughly.
To be honest, Je-hyeok Kim
can give an interview before his release.
He received so much here.
Still, he's being released tomorrow.
Why do we want
people to see him in his jumpsuit?
The fan should stay out of this.
It's okay. I'll do it.
I have things to say, too.
My little brother is such a big person.
Also, there's a guest waiting outside.
He says he's your fan
and wanted to meet you just once.
Who is it?
The Minister of Justice is here.
Oh, my goodness gracious.
WARDEN'S OFFICE
Whose idea was it?
Captain Na.
Captain Na said we should film
a whole bunch of promotional videos
before Je-hyeok Kim leaves.
What?
The Minister just piggybacked onto it.
Sir.
-Yes?
-Our apologies. We don't mean anything.
It's okay.
He went to grade school, junior high,
and high school with Captain Na.
They're best friends.
He and Captain Na
planned this all together.
-Right?
-Yes, that's right.
Hyeong-su came up with the idea,
and we piggybacked on.
But even Captain Na has a best friend?
Are you really his best friend?
Yes. I'm the only one.
Before the interview with the reporters,
let's film a few simple videos,
my little brother.
That's okay, right?
Please say it's okay, Je-hyeok.
Yes, big brother.
I understand.
First, we'll do a word of encouragement
for new corrections workers.
Cue.
For the advancement of reform in Korea!
Here's to Korea's Correctional Service!
Next, we'll film a greeting
for new inmates.
Cue.
They reached out
when the world turned its back on me.
The Correctional Service
will find you hope!
Okay. Good. Very good.
Lastly, we'll do a comment
by Je-hyeok Kim alone.
Something to celebrate
Reform Day this October,
please.
When?
October 28th of this year.
Happy Reform Day, 2018.
Please continue to work hard
for a just Korea.
All 15,000 of you who work in corrections,
thank you!
A heart sign.
Je-hyeok Kim? A heart, please.
Okay, thank you.
You did great.
The Minister must be very busy.
He left as soon as he finished
recording his part.
Yes, he has appointments back to back.
You should go with him. You're his aide.
He has plenty of aides.
You don't need to worry.
It's to do with the taxpayers' money,
so it does worry me.
Seriously.
I want to take out Captain Na.
How could a human being be so despicable?
He's such a turnoff.
I'm sorry.
Don't be. You're totally right.
He's a total prick.
Excuse me.
May I ask you something?
Does Captain Na have a past?
Did something happen in his past
that we don't know about,
that made him that way?
Captain Na...
I mean, Hyeong-su...
In grade school...
He was exactly the same.
That punk was always like that.
Nothing happened.
He was just born like that.
Compared to how he used to be,
he's a total saint now.
1987 BOMUN GRADE SCHOOL
Okay, that will be all for today.
I think we were supposed to do
something today.
What was it?
During nature class yesterday,
you gave us an assignment
to write about the kidney bean,
but you haven't reviewed it yet.
Really?
You punks. Submit your homework!
You said you'd give us
a spelling test as well.
Okay, get ready.
One.
-Two.
-One.
Two.
Your elbow must touch your knee
for it to count.
One.
-Two.
-One.
Why this time?
You used your butt. That's still one.
-Then you do it!
-Shoot.
What? You want to fight?
-Shoot! Let go!
-Stop fighting!
Stop them!
-Come here.
-Guys! Guys!
Je-hyeok Kim. Congratulations.
Thank you.
I'm a fan.
May I ask you for a favor,
if you don't mind?
I hear you're giving an interview later.
He made a difficult decision for me,
since we're so close.
With three TV and newspaper reporters,
we booked ten interviews.
Little brother.
During your interview,
would you please mention
the Minister's name just once?
It's Minister Jong-ha Kim.
Jong-hwa Kim?
No, Jong-ha Kim.
"Ha" as in ha ha ha. "Ha."
I'd be grateful if you'd mention his name
as one of the people who helped you.
Okay.
Finally, if there's anyone
you'd like to thank...
There are many.
Among them,
one person comes to mind.
Our corrections officers.
I'd like to use this opportunity to thank
our corrections officers
for their hard work
over the past year.
Warden Yong-chul Kim. Thank you.
Officer Seong-jae Park,
Officer Ji-sang Ok,
Officer Ki-doong Song,
thank you so much.
CRPT's Captain Do-yun Kim,
Chief medical officer Yoon-hwan Jang,
Officer Wu-gyeong Sim from the woodshop,
thank you very much.
Captain Hyeong-su Na, too.
Thank you very much.
And...
the person I'm most thankful to.
The person who helped me the most
to adjust to this place.
Officer Se-yun Paeng.
Lieutenant Paeng.
Thank you very much.
It's all thanks to you, Lieutenant Paeng.
Thanks to the help of all the people
at Seobu Penitentiary,
I can go home tomorrow safe and healthy.
Everyone,
I will see you again on the mound.
Warden Yong-chul Kim.
Officer Seong-jae Park.
Officer Ji-sang Ok.
Officer Ki-doong Song.
Chief medical officer Yoon-hwan Jang.
I didn't forget anyone, did I?
Me.
You forgot me.
Hey, hey, Joon-ho. I must've lost my mind.
How could I forget you? I'm so sorry.
-Are you even really sorry?
-Yeah, I'm really sorry.
I really must've lost my mind.
I'm really sorry.
Hey, then...
you'll forgive me for anything
I'm going to say to you?
I'm going out with Je-hee.
We've been together for five months.
What?
Don't do it. Hey. Je-hyeok.
-Don't do it.
-Get over here. Get over here.
-You said you were sorry.
-Get over here.
Put it down. Put that down.
You'll get in trouble.
Why you...
You can't sleep, can you?
No.
You have seven...
No, not even six hours left.
Yeah.
The reporters must be camped outside.
At this hour?
Of course. It's him.
Superhero Je-hyeok Kim is being released.
Everyone has to come.
-Will your girlfriend come too?
-Of course.
She will. She said she will.
Oh, no.
I'm sure you'll want to hold her hand
and kiss her and stuff,
but the reporters will all be there.
You poor thing.
I'll take care of it.
You worry about yourself.
Will your sister be there?
You should tell her not to come. What if
the reporters take her picture and stuff?
I'm not that stupid.
I said I'll see her at home.
Plus,
my sister came to see me yesterday.
Really? That's the first time, right?
Yeah.
Leave, if you're going to do that.
Je-hyeok.
I'm sorry.
Hey, hey. Stop it.
If you keep crying, I'm going to get mad.
I swore I wouldn't cry,
but I can't help it when I look at you.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
And...
thank you.
One good thing came out of going to jail.
My aloof little sister
actually thanked me.
Be like that to me on a normal basis.
Don't be cutesy only to your boyfriend.
Be sweet to your brother too, please.
That's it.
Glare at me.
That's the Je-hee that I know.
-Je-hyeok.
-Yeah?
Well...
You don't know that Joon-ho and I
are going out, do you?
We've been together for a while now.
Joon-ho said
he'd tell you eventually,
but...
I wanted to tell you first.
It's okay, right?
Je-hyeok?
I'm glad.
I'm glad it's Joon-ho.
If it were anyone else,
I would've killed the punk,
but thank goodness it's Joon-ho.
If it's Joon-ho, I can rest assured.
ESTABLISH ORDER,
FOSTER MORALITY
7102 Je-hyeok Kim.
Release.
What are you doing? Get out here.
Goodbye, Boss.
I'll never forget what you did for me.
I didn't do anything.
You were...
the first to treat me like a human being.
I was treated like a person
for the first time in here.
Thank you.
Good luck Je-hyeok Kim!
Je-hyeok Kim! You did great!
Good job, Je-hyeok Kim!
Goodbye! We'll always root for you!
Good luck Je-hyeok Kim!
Je-hyeok Kim is the best!
-Je-hyeok Kim!
-Thanks.
-Let's go.
-He's coming.
-He's here.
-Congratulations!
-Please look this way!
-Je-hyeok Kim!
-This way, please!
-A word, please!
-Look this way!
-Over here!
-Are you returning to the mound?
Please tell us your plans!
Here's your tofu. Eat it all.
Good job.
Thank you.
HYOSEUNG GRADE SCHOOL
Today, we'll learn about
various occupations
with a special teacher, right?
-Yes!
Today's teacher
is Su-bin's father, Mr. Se-yun Paeng.
Mr. Paeng! Please come in!
Daddy.
Your daddy's uniform is super cool.
Officer Se-yun Paeng.
This person knows my dad.
-Lieutenant Paeng.
-You're right.
-Thank you very much.
-You're so lucky.
Hi there.
I'm Su-bin's dad.
I'm a corrections officer.
Nice to meet you guys.
You need to speak formally during class.
I see. I'm sorry.
It's a force of habit.
Honorary Teacher
Su-Bin's Dad, Se-Yun Paeng
Everyone, I work in a prison.
Who goes to prison?
People who do bad things!
That's right.
Bad people live in prison.
But everyone commits a bad act
at least once.
I help people denounce their crime
and repent. That's what we do.
I brought some things I use at work
in the prison.
Do you want to try?
-Yes!
Who wants to help me demonstrate?
-Me!
Put the butterfly knot in the wrist,
and wrap it
around his body to prevent him
from moving his hands.
Ta-da!
Oh dear... Sorry... I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry. Did that hurt?
Sorry.
OCTOBER 2018
Excuse me, Je-hyeok Kim?
Where are you headed?
If you're going to Gocheok Dome,
I can give you a lift.
Just open the door, you bastard.
I'm so nervous.
You were called up.
To the Korean Series, moreover.
-I'm nervous too.
-Liar.
I'm really nervous too. I didn't sleep
a wink after getting the call last night.
You must mean it.
Are we there yet?
Yes. Once we get past that tunnel.
We've arrived.
That tunnel is super long.
I bet it's the longest in Seoul.
Hold your breath.
They say your wish will come true.
Come on.
I won't breathe.
I'll pray that you'll pitch well today,
and that you'll be the winning pitcher.
Je-hyeok.
JE-HYEOK KIM
With Nexen behind 10 to 0,
Kia Tigers takes the bat
to start the eighth inning.
Kia Tigers and Nexen Heroes'
game one of the Korean Series.
I think they're going to the bullpen.
Finally, he's here. Je-hyeok Kim.
Everyone, Je-hyeok Kim
is finally taking the mound again.
This is an incredibly moving moment.
Je-hyeok Kim is back on the mound
after two years.
JE-HYEOK KIM
All together!
Next batter up.
-Bravo!
Game one of the Korean Series,
held at Gocheok Dome,
ended with Kia Tigers winning 10 to 0.
However, notwithstanding
losing the first game,
Nexen had a more moving moment
than winning the game.
The Phoenix Je-hyeok Kim,
who had left baseball for two years,
took the mound again.
Although he was unable to get a win
in his comeback game,
he found his groove quickly,
and confirmed his potential for revival.
The 16,000 baseball fans
who filled Gocheok Dome
sang a new anthem for Kim,
and welcomed the return of a hero.
Next on the news.
Yesterday, the second trial for the case
that enraged the nation was held.
The court found Sergeant Oh,
who assaulted the victim until he died,
guilty of murder and sentenced him
to 35 years in prison.
The court stated that Sergeant Oh
was fully aware of the fact
that the victim may die from the assault
as he was assaulting him.
Captain Yoo.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
You're almost there.
It's almost over.
Good luck.
Get dressed.
Don't lie there.
Okay?
Please do not start fights
or curse at each other.
Shut it, bastard.
If we were outside,
I'd knock you out with one punch.
You're begging for an extension,
aren't you?
Where should we meet, you asshole?
Sit down, you shithead.
Shut up and prepare for bed.
Everyone! In your cells!
All of Wing 2, in your cells.
Dong-ho!
Shit.
Hey! Shit. Hello?
Yes, yes.
I'll call you back. Sorry.
Yes. I thought it was a cell phone.
-I'm sorry.
-No, no.
Cue!
-No, after he takes it out!
-Not yet! No, no, no!
Why are you so quick?
How sad. You missed.
You missed again.
I do not feel pain.
I heard that you're...
That you've decided
to play baseball again?
Yes.
My coach showed up in my dream...
My late coach showed up in my dream
and said it was his dream.
I got it wrong.
-No.
-Again.
I guess this is the last time
we'll see that.
No, that's...
-He's back! Looney's back!
-Yes!
Looney's back!
I'm goofy. Goofy.
I'm wacky. Wacky.
Cut!
Let go, bastard! Let go!
Let go! Lieutenant Paeng!
Let go! Hey! Lieutenant Paeng!
Go! Why aren't you going?
Why are you making me do it again?
Why wouldn't you go?
I was hitting you to go.
Thank you for watching Prison Playbook!